I wanted to create a database for international K-Pop fans who are still learning about all the different K-Pop groups. The database I created lists 20 of some of the most popular K-Pop groups today. My list is by no means a complete list of the most popular groups. My list contains the group’s name along with their label, the names of group members, the month and year the group debuted, and the group’s discography. 

I included the group’s label are a critical influence on K-Pop groups. Knowing a group’s label allows users to understand which groups are related as well as the style of the group’s music. I only listed the Korean labels because they have the most influence on the groups and because I did not want to confuse or overwhelm my users. 

I included group member names because knowing a group’s members is only second to knowing a group’s name. I chose to only include current members and did not include any former members. I excluded former members because I did not want to confuse my users, who would only be novice K-Pop fans.

I included the month and year the group debuted because knowing when a group debuted helps users understand which groups are veterans and which groups are new. I included only month and year and not day because the exact date a group debuts really depends on your definition of debut. Many groups “unofficially” debut before they “officially” debut and sometimes they officially debut in several different ways. Just the month and year are enough for users to understand the hierarchy of groups. 

For the group’s discography, I only included their Korean discography. Almost all K-Pop groups have a Japanese discography, but I excluded the Japanese discography because Japanese albums are almost always exclusive to Japan and not available to international K-Pop fans (my users). Some groups have not released any studio albums or singles, so I listed “N/A” under those categories in which they do not have anything.

I broke discography down into three categories: studio albums, extended plays, and singles. I chose to break discography down to create three smaller, more user-friendly columns rather than one giant column. I think breaking discography into three columns rather than one will allow the user to see and understand the group’s full discography much more easily. I organized the studio albums, extended plays, and singles categories chronologically, so that the user could easily see the progression of the group’s music production. 

Under studio albums and extended plays, I grouped the album name, release date, and album songs under the parent tag “album.” I tagged each individual song as “song” under “album songs.” I used the song tag as a child of the album song tag because I tagged singles as “song” and I wanted to format album songs and singles differently. Album details were all grouped under “album” so that I could group them together on the table. I wanted to include the release date for each single, so I included the song and its release date under the parent tag “single” so that I could group them together on the table. I only included the English song names (some were originally in English, others are official English titles of originally Korean titles) because most international K-Pop fans do not understand Korean, thus Korean song names are useless to them.

I also included a short introduction before the table that explains what details are listed for each group as well as what groups are listed. I mentioned earlier that I do not include all of the most popular K-Pop groups, so I wanted my user to instantly know what groups were listed rather than scrolling and searching for naught. The groups are listed alphabetically with numbers first, to make it easy for the user to quickly find a specific group. I also stylized the group names how they popularly appear (BIGBANG, T-ARA, B2ST for example) to make the names more recognizable. Some group names are initials of the group’s full name (BTS, B.A.P for example), I chose to list the initials because those are what are most frequently used whereas the full names are rarely used. 
